listen the mule has to be the funniest
movie just out of the reactions of it
like some people have come out of this
movie furious saying to pay attention to
anyone who's given this movie a positive
review because it's telling of who they
are and then I go look at them and it's
like from the most literally Jewish
people out there obviously people are
gonna find politics and everything that
they see but as a Mexican cartoon I find
it hilarious when certain people want to
bash a movie to defend us minorities and
then they also want to tell us
minorities out of feel about it brah you
are worse than the movie y'all the
people who like get out not realizing
get out was about you now I'm not saying
this to defend the muon claim that Clint
doesn't come off as a racist in this
movie because Clint Eastwood was
literally one stereotype away from
getting every single ethnicity out there
and I kind of feel like you took the
Adam Sandler approach if you don't Adam
this dude practically goes on vacation
with his friends and then he just shoots
a movie while he's there so he can have
his old trip be tax deductible and it
kind of feels like Clint Eastwood took a
page out of that book and where he made
a movie that allowed him to say and do
everything he ever wanted to do let me
explain so this movie's actually based
off of a true story that the New York
Times covered about a dude who broke bed
and started transporting drugs for the
Sinaloa cartel led by el chapo himself
in the real life case they called him
fat bass since he was like the grandpa
of the group but it was that exact thing
that allowed this dude to deliver over
200 kilos of cocaine at a time like this
dude was making around a grand per each
kilo and he did this for damn near a
decade before he got caught so Clint
stars and directs himself as the 88 year
old daylily aficionado who was on top of
the world because everyone loved his
plants like in the beginning of the
movie they show him skipping his
daughter's wedding just so he can go to
a daylily convention where he had the
woman pollinating themselves but then
the internet happens now I love Clint
Eastwood movies right growing up with
them they were some of my favorite
movies I loved most of his westerns his
directing style and approach with these
movies I thought was fantastic but even
as a fan of Eastwood I can straight-up
admit that you can feel the script cues
when you're watching the movie on screen
like I know he likes taking as little
takes as possible on set but my man
always leaves in more awkward pauses
than an episode of The Big Bang Theory
and this is coming from someone who
likes his stuff so Earl ends up
his business and since his family
doesn't like him he's got absolutely
nowhere to go until he hears about
Amazon flex but for drugs all of a
sudden he can buy his place back he's
got himself a new Lincoln fixes up the
VFW Center and pulls a Tarantino
[ __ ] like you for five feet high in
Korea use your for sandbags listen the
things this man says in this movie are
are straight-up insane
obviously he's cracking mexican slurs
throughout the whole thing he's talking
about how every Latino looks the same
ends up saving these two by telling a
police officer that he picked him up at
a Home Depot for cheap but there are
scenarios where he legit sets things up
just so he can say certain words he
randomly comes across these female
bikers just so he can say the word Dyke
with a huge smile on his face in another
he does this whole Nazi bid against one
of the cartel leaders but the one that
really quieted the audience was when he
pulls over on the side of the road to
help this black family chains retire and
he says feels good helping you Negro
people that shut him up real quick it's
the last one where he gets corrected
that makes me see all of the ignorant
stuff in the movie as not being as
malicious as people think it is because
there's always an opposing character who
calls him out so for me it's kind of
showing this elderly dude who's behind
in the times how he hasn't changed and
not necessarily someone who wants to peg
people I mean yeah Clint Eastwood did
talk to a chair but I think many times
as people adding their own perspective
like there's a scene in the movie where
they pull over this guy who they think
might be the mule because he's driving a
black truck and it's supposed to be this
comedic scene where the driver flips out
because he thinks he might get shot he
starts talking about how getting pulled
over are the most dangerous 15 minutes
of your life and while some people might
theater nodded their heads and said damn
straight it is other people laugh
because they thought it was supposed to
be sarcastic like the scenes making fun
of people who flip out for getting
pulled over because it's not that much
of a big deal but uh I literally just
got pulled over the other day while
passing through New Jersey just for a
taillight and five minutes in they
accused me of kidnapping my girlfriend
cuz I had luggage in the car and I had
just convinced her she was free or I'll
get super used to this lifestyle as he
keeps making runs and he starts having
threeways in the movie two of them to be
exact
like I said clean straight up gets more
booty than Bradley does in this film and
he's the man directing them eventually
the cartel gets more hostile as lot so
randomly kills Andy Garcia just so he
can be the leader Cooper and Pena who
stone are keying set a trail on the mule
as they close in Earl goes to see the
dying girl as he reconciles with his
family before his wife's death and is he
its Khan and goes to court I thought for
a second that Clint Eastwood was just
gonna be set free after all of this
buffoonery but then he pleads guilty on
himself I was like okay and the movie
just ends with the credits superimposed
to over Clint Eastwood in jail and after
that I started thinking what if there
was something deeper with all this why
would he come out of retirement and make
two movies in one year
what if Eastwood wanted to say something
more personal all right
y'all know what it is I've always had
this Nolan theory where I believe that
his movies are sort of letters to his
kids and how he's explaining how he's
always away for work and the meal kind
of seems to fit in that to the story of
a man who's too busy working that he
chooses that over his family a man who
craved the attention and the awards over
its loved ones working with others on a
schedule consisting on one takes being
away because his work takes him
elsewhere and considering that he
invited all eight of his children to the
premiere including one who people
literally just found out with his
daughter it's almost like it was meant
for them the fact that he cast his own
daughter in the film maybe as a direct
apology for certain situations that
happen in their real life and the talks
with his wife and how he had so many
flings can be a sort of confession a man
who always played the authority
ironically now being the one who follows
orders
and at the end marking himself guilty
there's a bit where Cooper's character
tells him how old people seem to lose
their filter once they get older and
Clint Eastwood himself and other
character responds with I never knew I
had one it's almost like this is Clint
Eastwood's last Western a modern age one
where he saddled up for one last ride
and sets out to have
the final word see you soon ad idiots
it's for you I think you guys checking
out this video I'm Kirsten your thoughts
down below in the comment section
you know I'm practically do a Clint
Eastwood video cuz this man liked the
collection of movies that I have of this
dude is insane I know that Stanley was
big for a lot of people when he was for
me as well you know he's high up on our
list and his passing was like a really
big deal but you have no idea how much
bigger of an influence Eastwood is in
terms of like my younger film watching
days so I don't even want to think about
when he goes but I think this is a dude
that most recently while I don't overly
love his movies you know the previous
one that he did the the Train one
earlier this year I think is one of the
worst best movies of the year I think
it's hilarious even those complete trash
but he's pretty much become a master of
trailers like the the trailer they did
for American sniper because of how you
feel the movie and the trailer that he
did for this one specifically we're in
the actual movie it turns out that he
gets away with it by putting arthritis
medicine on his hands I think he's a
master at like the way that he's able to
do his craft and I personally you know
speaking as the the Mexican of the group
why people can tell me what I should be
offended of but I always think that he
always finds a way to put bad depictions
and also a good role model like a good
depiction depiction of whoever he's
talking about in there but gives no your
thoughts this movie wasn't great in any
way shape or form but then it's it's
interesting if you look at it from that
final perspective that I was talking
about and where he's actually trying to
almost do an apology letter
but I'm Kirsten are you guys down below
in the comment section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and you'll
feel lucky punk